I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa Pig.
Naughty Tortoise
It is a lovely autumn day.
Peppa and her friends are playing in the leaves.
Look, it's Tiddles the Tortoise.
Hello, Tiddles, what are you doing here?
Tiddles! Tiddles!
It is Doctor Hamster, the vet.
Here is Tiddles.
Thank goodness, you've found him.
Oh, naughty tortoise, back in your box.
It's your bed time.
It's not bed time yet.
It's bed time for Tiddles.
He sleeps all through the winter
and wakes up in spring.
That sounds nice.
You like sleeping, don't you, Petrol?
Yes.
Oh dear, Tiddles?
Tiddles has run away.
Oh!!!
Look, he's on that tree.
Oh, Tiddles, I don't know
why you like climbing trees.
How are we going to rescue Tiddles?
Chop the tree down.
No. I'll ring the fire brigade.
Fire service! What's that?
Tortoise up a tree? Again? We're on our way.
Stand clear!
Fire engines use ladders
to rescue pets from trees.
Come on, Tiddles.
Tiddles is climbing higher in the tree.
Come here, you little pickle.
Mummy Cow is climbing into the tree.
Be careful, Mommy Cow.
Oh dear, I'm stuck.
Cows are not very good at climbing trees.
Hang on, I'm coming up.
Here, Tiddles.
Oh, I'm stuck too.
Elephants are not very good at climbing trees.
Well, that didn't work, did it?
What are we going to do now?
Chop the tree down!
No!!!
I'll call the next rescue service.
Hello, Granddad Dog's breakdown service.
Hello, Tiddles the Tortoise is up a tree.
Tortoise up a tree? Again?
Yeah, I'll be right there.
Mmm, how do you get Tortoises out of trees?
Chop the tree down!
Yes, let's chop the tree down!
No!
OK. I'll climb up instead.
Hooray!
Oh, I seem to be stuck.
Dogs are not very good at climbing trees.
Now, can we chop the tree down?
No! We'll have to call the highest
rescue service in the land.
OK, I'm on my way.
It is Miss Rabbit in her rescue helicopter.
Hello, everyone! Let's rescue this tortoise!
Err, who's flying your helicopter?
Oops! Silly me!
I just put the autopilots on.
Autopilot on. Have a nice day.
Autopilots fly helicopters on their own.
Got you, you little rascal.
Miss Rabbit has rescued Tiddles.
Hooray!
Thank you, Miss Rabbit, for saving my Tiddles.
No problem.
Thank you for saving us too.
Just in my job. Goodbye.
Err. Haven't you forgotten something?
What? Oh, yes. My helicopter!
Goodbye everyone.
Goodbye!
What a naughty tortoise you are!
Uh-oh.
Oh, good. You're sleeping now.
Back in your box.
Sleep well, Tiddles.
Tiddles has gone to sleep for the winter.
He'll wake again in the spring time.
Shhhhh!